Added PhotoSketch+ESRGAN tutorials (#4)
runwayml/docs: docs/tutorial_photosketch.md

## Requirements
* Runway Beta
* Docker to run the model locally, or enough credits to use a remote GPU (To install Docker, please follow the installation instructions [here](https://docs.runwayapp.ai/#/installation?id=download-docker))
* A webcam or built-in camera

## Step 1

Select the **PhotoSketch** model from the Model Directory.

![Select Model](images/tutorial_photosketch/01_select_model.png)

## Step 2

Add the model to a workspace using the drop-down list on the top right
side of the app.

![Add to Workspace](images/tutorial_photosketch/02_add_to_workspace.png)

## Step 3

Select **Input** > **Camera**

![Set Input](images/tutorial_photosketch/03_set_input.png)

## Step 4

Set the camera and image options.

![Settings](images/tutorial_photosketch/04_settings.png)

## Step 5

Select **Output** > **Network**, and click on **HTTP**.
Use the HTTP server and route to send the resulting image to an external app.

To use a remote GPU, make sure you have available credits, toggle the **Enable Remote GPU** switch on, and click on **Run Remotely**.

> Alternatively, you may run the model locally. Toggle the remote GPU off, and make sure Docker is running. Click on the button on the bottom right to download the model and run it locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

![HTTP Output](images/tutorial_photosketch/05_http.png)

## Step 6

> In the external app, make sure Runway's server and routes match to receive the output as a base 64 image.

Reviewer: I think we need to be a bit more descriptive on how to connect and use the app you made! Perhaps explaining what it is and how it works might be useful. What do you think?

Author: Sounds good! I'll add this to the tutorial.

Author: Cool, suggested changes are up, and I added a short description and walkthrough of the app on step 6. Didn't really go into the code because I figured that'd be better for the output tutorials (async function and p5 structure might make this document super long). We can keep adding anything else that's needed though, whatever you think is best for the docs structure.

Reviewer: Looks great! 💥
Perhaps a quick start over how to clone the p5.js repo? I can imagine this example being used in workshops and tutorials, so the better the steps the more convenient it will be for students to use it

Author: Oh, that's a good point, some users might not be familiar with this flow. On it!

![Success](images/tutorial_photosketch/06_success.png)

## Summary

> This tutorial uses PhotoSketch to generate contour drawings from your camera input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we used the PhotoSketch model to generate live contour drawings from your webcam stream and use those as inputs to draw on a web app.
```
